
	Preprocess	Tune	Assemble	Findorfs	Validate	FindRepeats	Abundance	Annotate FunctionalAnnotation Scaffold Propagate FindScaffoldOrfs Classify VariantAnalysis Postprocess
What the steps mean?	QC reads & do trimming	try to figure out best assembler and parameters - may be able to do with subsets of data      Construct assembly, ignoring scaffolding for now.		   Find ORFs in contigs Check assembly correctness using intrinsic quality metrics Find contigs [ parts of contigs? ] that appear to be repetitive and flag for further steps. ?? Determine taxonomic identity for contigs ? Assign quick and dirty labels to orfs? Link together contigs using mate-pairs.  Also identify variant patterns. Propagate taxonomic labels along scaffolds. ? Why are they different from contig orfs? Group contigs/scaffold by taxonomic label Identify snps based on alignment BAM files. Use Marygold to find structural variants.  Create nice reports, esp. in the context of ORFs... Make pretty reports
Inputs to step raw reads   cleaned reads	cleaned reads contigs in fasta format		contigs in fasta format	 contigs in fasta format	contigs in fasta format	       contigs in fasta format	orfs in fna or faa format      contigs in fasta format	   scaffolds in agp format, contig taxonomic labels scaffolds in fasta format	   contigs/scaffolds	scaffolds in agp format, alignment of reads to contigs	    most of the previous outputs
outputs from step  cleaned reads; quality reports	assembly parameters    contigs in fasta format	orfs in faa, fna formats list of errors/dubious regions	list of contigs likely to be repeats	alignment of reads to contigs	       taxonomic labels for contigs	     functional labels for orfs	     scaffolds in agp format, variants, longer contigs		contig taxonomic labels	 orfs in faa fna format		    buckets of contigs/scaffolds based on taxonomy variant calls, variant subgraphs html summary, single directory tree
everything with a cherry on top	  yes	  yes		yes	 yes	       yes     yes	yes	yes  yes     yes yes	 yes  yes		yes	yes
isolate genome	yes	 yes	  yes	  yes		yes	 yes	       ??      yes?	yes	yes  no	     yes no?	 no   yes
quick and dirty	yes	 no	  yes	  no		yes	 yes?	       no      no	no	     no	     no	 no	 no   yes
viral metagenomic assembly	  yes	  yes		yes	 yes	       yes     yes	yes	     yes - viral DB	 yes  yes yes yes yes yes yes
eukaryotic metagenomic assembly	  yes	  yes		yes	 yes - euk gene finder yes	yes	     yes yes - euk DB	 yes  yes yes yes - euk gene finder yes yes yes